# Coursera - Getting and cleaning data

## Code Book

### Data fields

**Subject**: The subject id

**Activity**: The activity the subject is doing.

**tBodyAccMeanX, tBodyAccMeanY, tBodyAccMeanZ**: Mean of the X, Y, Z
components of the body acceleration vector

**tBodyAccStdX, tBodyAccStdY, tBodyAccStdZ**: Standard deviation ofof
the X, Y, Z components of the body acceleration vector

**tGravityAccMeanX, tGravityAccMeanY, tGravityAccMeanZ**: Mean of the X,
Y, Z components of the gravity acceleration vector

**tBodyAccJerkMeanX, tBodyAccJerkMeanY, tBodyAccJerkMeanZ**: Mean of the
X, Y, Z components of the body jerk acceleration vector

**tBodyAccJerkStdX, tBodyAccJerkStdY, tBodyAccJerkStdZ**: Standard
deviation of the X, Y, Z components of the body jerk acceleration vector

**tBodyGyroMeanX, tBodyGyroMeanY, tBodyGyroMeanZ**: Mean of the X, Y, Z
components of the body gyroscopic acceleration vector

**tBodyGyroStdX, tBodyGyroStdY, tBodyGyroStdZ**: Standard deviation of
the X, Y, Z components of the body gyroscopic acceleration vector

**tBodyGyroJerkMeanX, tBodyGyroJerkMeanY, tBodyGyroJerkMeanZ**: Mean of
the X, Y, Z components of the body gyroscopic jerk acceleration vector

**tBodyGyroJerkStdX, tBodyGyroJerkStdY, tBodyGyroJerkStdZ**: Standard
deviation of the X, Y, Z components of the body gyroscopic jerk
acceleration vector

**tBodyAccMagMean**: Mean magnitude of the body acceleration vector

**tBodyAccMagStd**: Standard deviation of the body acceleration vector

**tGravityAccMagMean**: Mean magnitude of the gravity acceleration
vector

**tGravityAccMagStd**: Standard deviation of the magnitude of the
gravity acceleration vector

**tBodyAccJerkMagMean**: Mean magnitude of the acceleration jerk vector

**tBodyAccJerkMagStd**: Standard deviation of the magnitude of the
acceleration jerk vector

**tBodyGyroMagMean**: Mean magnitude of the body gyroscopic vector

**tBodyGyroMagStd**: Standard deviation of the magnitude of the body
gyroscopic vector

**tBodyGyroJerkMagMean**: Mean magnitude of the jerk gyroscopic vector

**tBodyGyroJerkMagStd**: Standard deviation of the magnitude of the jerk
gyroscopic vector

**fBodyAccMeanX, fBodyAccMeanY, fBodyAccMeanZ**: FFT of the mean X, Y,
Z, of the body acceleration vector

**fBodyAccStdX, fBodyAccStdY, fBodyAccStdZ**: FFT of the standard
deviation X, Y, Z, of the body acceleration vector

**fBodyAccJerkMeanX, fBodyAccJerkMeanY, fBodyAccJerkMeanZ**: FFT of the
mean X, Y, Z, of the body accelariation jerk vector

**fBodyAccJerkStdX, fBodyAccJerkStdY, fBodyAccJerkStdZ: **FFT of the
standard deviation X, Y, Z, of the body accelariation jerk vector

**fBodyGyroMeanX, fBodyGyroMeanY, fBodyGyroMeanZ: **FFT of the mean X,
Y, Z, of the body gyroscopic vector

**fBodyGyroStdX, fBodyGyroStdY, fBodyGyroStdZ: **FFT of the standard
deviation X, Y, Z, of the body gyroscopic vector

**fBodyAccMagMean**: FFT of the body mean acceleration vector magnitude

**fBodyAccMagStd**: FFT of the body standard deviation acceleration
vector magnitude

**fBodyBodyAccJerkMagMean**: FFT of the body mean acceleration vector
jerk magnitude

**fBodyBodyAccJerkMagStd**: FFT of the body standard deviation
acceleration vector magnitude

**fBodyBodyGyroMagMean**: FFT of the body mean gyroscopic vector
magnitude

**fBodyBodyGyroMagStd**: FFT of the body standard deviation gyroscopic
vector magnitude

**fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagMean**: FFT of the body mean jerk vector magnitude

**fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagStd**: FFT of the body standard deviation jerk
vector magnitude


